games ispazio 5 sessions with gabriele written goalkeeper crd crazy and there goes
yours the last last second gift of this championship definitely own
the last one
resumed the end of the boltiere world
dream that it can happen at the very last second
second degree to win
arena carmagnola
as soon as I arrived where I find absolutely regulation two emerge
b series teams for actually
both perhaps deserved to go up
facebook google.ru
they mounted a shot
we did not take advantage to close the championship
and then the final was this match
which then I love you future
review that service but I don't think I will follow
giovanni rosa players series d
perhaps better man than this first man who allowed the post to conquer
this function if you see that until a few months ago it seemed to have been loaned
job of being a man
vittorio more difficult
you have the wonderful
with fantastic management it
we won this game after so much war and believe it until the end
I owe to everyone and not just one
even if today
I had a good fugitive race.
cpc theories on 4 to 1 mapetex imola monoposto mind for some foul too
the prescription often makes some nervousness
the hot one compromised the photo race a little, the number that allowed
pennisi remake cipro 4 parliamentary salesman there was once a match
I think that
we knew we were suffering to the end.
carmagnola excellent home team all night
thank you thank god i'm pregnant
let's
even after the expulsion of football
but tomorrow go to italian other world
obviously we were alice
today comes out they climbed naked
song mode
logo a wolf mouth also for terrific phone block and I think it can
do very well
agency of the Aristotle staff
mario lamberti president of the carmagnola
an empty championship until the end until the last second of this challenge
then this your penalty on the rebound but the referee decided that it was already
first game
here we could open a chapter that never ends
however, after this vintage that I think is wonderful for my players
we were a team no one on.
losing a championship so unfairly to me that anyway
although today we have not done one of the best games
we reassembled a result that could have been impossible to reassemble
we had
those goals at the last second that I think
it was right
who wants to say traglia
and the match was not going to end like this because the referee in my opinion does not have
said
if it was only necessary to beat the climate then it did not reply
I am very bitter and sincerely see myself throwing a season away
it is always played
from first in the standings and therefore and I am very embittered
hahaha. expanded the monster always led from the first to the last
day remembering that sitecom with have promoted shows as mentioned before
on which no one pointed to proven miter played against everyone
also. playing apple pisa tablets up to four and four
the last rigor that could of this promotion
loan between the playoffs I believe the same this series b
no i think that
also seeing the experiences of others
the national playoff photos
still very hard
and sincerely after such a year of tensions of
to continually put back into play
the final victory
and I think you were with the playoffs is practically impossible and sincerely
I don't know if we will have the strength of directives to make these playoffs